I see who dares to cause trouble in my house on the sidelines.
This is not my home.
Maybe I remembered the house number wrong.
He said he was a year on the sidelines.
Deputy
Nghiep Nien is the half-boss of Bang Thien Nhat Pham villa.
Done.
My job is almost over.
I shouldn't charge you guys.
Manager Wang, don't panic.
They are liars.
One person per day pretends to pay in advance
A person pretending to be the vice president.
Two days ago, he was still at the Long Xuyen hotel tricking himself into eating and drinking.
Strange.
It turned out to be two scammers.
Dare to rush into Mr. Luc for Miss Lam.
The wedding room is carefully prepared
Quickly catch them.
Standing back, I see who dares
Manager, we can't beat him.
I'm leaving for the day, let's go first.
This is my house.
Should we let them go more?
My bad. I haven't been here for too long.
This decoration is not my home.
This is your house.
This is what I prepared for you.
Our wedding room.
I know you're trying to be ungrateful to me, but...
I believe.
Rocco.
Didn't you say this is the wedding room you prepared?
So you probably know what's in there.